# Biopharmaceutical-manufacturing-of-penicillin-An-Analysis

Biopharmaceutical manufacturing of penicillin : An Analysis

Industrial-Scale Penicillin Simulation: IndPenSim
● The simulation was developed using a mechanistic model and validated using
historical data collected from an industrial-scale penicillin fermentation process
(the batch data is available for download). Each batch was carried out in a
100,000 litre bioreactor using an industrial strain of Penicillium chrysogenum

What is penicillin?
Penicillins are a group of antibacterial drugs that attack a wide range of bacteria. They
were the first drugs of this type that doctors used. The discovery and manufacture of
penicillins have changed the face of medicine, as these drugs have saved millions of
lives.
Penicillium fungi are the source of penicillin, which people can take orally or via
injection.
People across the globe now widely use penicillins to treat various infections and
diseases.
About our data set?
This data was generated using a 100,000 litre penicillin fermentation system referenced
as IndPenSim.
IndPenSim is the first to include a realistic simulated Raman spectroscopy device for
the purpose of developing, evaluating and implementation of advanced and innovative
control solutions applicable to biotechnology facilities. This data set generated by
IndPenSim represents the biggest data set available for advanced data analytics and
contains 100 batches with all available process and Raman spectroscopy
measurements (~2.5 GB). This data is highly suitable for the development of big data
analytics, machine learning (ML) or artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms applicable to the
biopharmaceutical industry. The 100 batches are controlled using different control
strategies and different batch lengths representing a typical Biopharmaceutical
manufacturing facility:
Batches 1-30: Controlled by recipe driven approach
Batches 31-60: Controlled by operators
Batches 61-90: Controlled by an Advanced Process Control (APC) solution using the
Raman spectroscopy
Batches 91-100: Contain faults resulting in process deviations.
